Fix issue DPTP-3299 Add HyperShift installation files (#37500)
openshift/release: clusters/app.ci/supplemental-ci-images/hypershift/README.md

# Special notes for building HyperShift images
* `hypershift-cli` image serves both as the CLI and the operator.

> * Due to lack of forward/backward-compatibility of HyperShift, it is critical that we tag the build. For instance, once a build is done and pushed to `latest`, we shall tag it like

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Due to lack of forward/backward-compatibility of HyperShift, it is critical that we tag the build. For instance, once a new build of `BuildConfig/hypershift-cli` is complete, we shall manually make a tag for that image while `latest` could be moved forward:
```

```
oc --context app.ci -n ci tag hypershift-cli:latest hypershift-cli:20230428-12e6a502bd6a7ea5434df2b83fef102b7819b413 --as system:admin
```

> The naming convention is `YYYYMMDD-<git commit hash>`.

Reviewer: `git commit hash` of which repo?

Author: the git hash of [hypershift-operator](https://github.com/openshift/hypershift/) repo

Reviewer: I am lost again. Where do you check out the repo? I do not see it in this doc.

> * If an aarch64 build is needed, we shall ensure it is built form the SAME source code as amd64, on the SAME commit

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If an image for `aarch64` is needed, we shall ensure it is built form the SAME source code as amd64, on the SAME commit.
```

Reviewer: How do we archive it? I think you can remove the comment for `aarch64`. It might need bigger design to fix in our ops.

Author: That line was added when I tried to deploy aarch64 version of the operator to our `multi01` cluster. Image tags are shared between multiple architectures, thus we need to ensure both architectures are on the same commit to avoid confusion.
